Update security docs to address outdated cryptographic defaults, broken samples, and weak recommendations (#53164)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/security/encrypting-data.md

Asymmetric algorithms are usually used to encrypt small amounts of data such as the encryption of a symmetric key and IV. Typically, an individual performing asymmetric encryption uses the public key generated by another party. The <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSA> class is provided by .NET for this purpose.

> The following example uses public key information to encrypt a symmetric key and IV. An <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSA> key pair is generated (the 2048-bit key size shown is for illustration—choose a size that matches your security requirements per [NIST SP 800-57](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/sp/800/57/pt1/r5/final)). The public key from one party is used to encrypt the symmetric key and IV generated by an <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Aes> instance, using OAEP padding for security.

Reviewer: This is just... word salad.

The code comments already have the "2048 is for illustrative purposes", so don't need to be here.  It doesn't need to describe using OAEP here, since the code and code comments do that, too.

```suggestion
The following example uses public key information to encrypt a symmetric key and an IV. The encrypting-party uses the public key of the indented recipient.  In this example, the public key is represented by the **RSAParameters** type, but file format such as X.509 Subject Public Key Info is more likely to be used in real-world applications.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Use <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAEncryptionPadding.OaepSHA256?displayProperty=nameWithType> (or higher) instead of <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAEncryptionPadding.Pkcs1?displayProperty=nameWithType>. PKCS#1 v1.5 padding is deprecated for new systems per [NIST SP 800-56B](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/sp/800/56b/r2/final). Use RSA key sizes of at least 2048 bits per [NIST SP 800-57](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/sp/800/57/pt1/r5/final).

Reviewer: No, it's not "!IMPORTANT".  Nothing mentions Pkcs1, so it's not worth mentioning here.

If the example stayed as Pkcs1 encryption, then the warning would be justified.

Module Module1

    Sub Main()
        'Create a new RSA key pair. The 2048-bit key size shown here is
        'for illustration; choose a key size that matches your security
        'requirements per NIST SP 800-57.

>         Dim rsa As RSA = RSA.Create(2048)

Reviewer: The export/import part is actually important to this example... otherwise it looks like you need to create a public/private pair to encrypt.
